2.0 INTRODUCTION Troymet Exploration Corp. (then Signet Minerals Inc.) contracted Aurora Geosciences Ltd to conduct a mineral exploration program on the Golden Eagle Property located on NTS map sheet 104M/15 in northwestern British Columbia during the summer and fall of 2006.
The project area measures approximately 16 by 17 km.
The exploration program consisted of construction of an ATV trail, detailed geological mapping, rock sampling, and diamond drilling.
The program was conducted in stages, with the ATV trail construction commencing on May 25, followed by the geological mapping and sampling and drill pad construction in June through early July.
The diamond drilling commenced on September 6 and was completed on November 30.
Caron Diamond Drilling Ltd of Whitehorse Yukon was the diamond drill contractor.
This report includes a review of historical exploration work conducted in the area by previous operators and by Troymet Exploration (then Signet Minerals) and is based on published geological and geochemical studies in the public domain; on confidential reports prepared for Troymet Exploration (then Signet Minerals) and on private company reports and assessment reports prepared for previous claim holders in the area.
The author, a qualified person for the purposes of NI 43-101, managed the field exploration program on the property in 2006.
3.0 RELIANCE ON OTHER EXPERTS
The historical data referenced in the preparation of this report was compiled by geologists and geophysicists that were employed directly by Noranda Exploration Company Limited, Lodestar Explorations Ltd, Westmin Resources Limited and Frame Mining Corporation and by outside contractors such as Beacon Hill Consultants Ltd, Pacific Geological Services and Minorex Consulting Ltd.
The majority of these geoscientists would be classified as qualified persons today, although that designation did not exist when most of the historic work was done..
The author assumes no responsibility for the interpretations and inferences made by these individuals prior to the inception of the qualified person designation.
4.0 PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND LOCATION
The Golden Eagle Project is located in the northern Coast Mountains of northwestern British Columbia, just south of the Yukon-BC border.
The property is centred 70 km west northwest of Atlin, British Columbia or 30 km south of Carcross, Yukon at 59 circ 52 prime 14 prime prime latitude and 134 circ 49 prime 17 longitude in the Atlin Mining Division on NTS map sheet 104M/15 (see Figure 1).
The property is comprised of 26 mineral claim blocks that cover approximately 8,178 hectares on Mineral Tenure maps M104M077, M104M086, M104M087 and M104M096.
The current status of all claims is shown in Table 1.
Claim information is as follows: